Rebase #334 by @xying21 (#359)
nervosnetwork/rfcs: rfcs/0030-ensure-index-less-than-length-in-since/0030-ensure-index-less-than-length-in-since.md

The `since` field prevents the transaction from being mined before an absolute or relative time.

When the `since` field uses the epoch with a fraction number as the unit, the `value` is an encoded rational number `E + I / L`. If it is a relative time, the rational number is used as it is. But when it is an absolute time, the special rule, **Absolute Epoch With Fraction Value Normalization** as mentioned in RFC17, requires normalizing the number to `E + 1 + 0 / 1` when `I` equals to or is larger than `L`.
This document suggests adding a new rule to ensure that, when `since` uses epoch as the unit, the index `I` must be less than the length `L`.

## Specification

This RFC adds a new verification requirement to the transaction `since` field.

When an input `since` field is present, and the `metric_flag` is epoch (01), the `value` part is the encoded number `E + I / L`. No matter whether the relative flag is `relative` or `absolute`, the number is valid only if

- `I` is less than `L`, or
- `I` and `L` are both zero.

> In RFC17, the only rule change is the elimination of **Absolute Epoch With Fraction Value Normalization**.

Reviewer: "In RFC0017" or "Compare to RFC0017"?

Author: `Compare to`

Author: ```suggestion
Compare to RFC17, the only rule change is the elimination of **Absolute Epoch With Fraction Value Normalization**.
```
